[Getting started][Feature flags] Add how to create feature flags page (#6464)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/experiments/creating-an-experiment.mdx

## Participant targeting

> By default, your experiment will target 100% of participants. If you'd like to target a more specific set of participants, or change the rollout percentage, you'll need to do this by changing the [release conditions](docs/feature-flags/creating-feature-flags#release-conditions) for the feature flag used by your experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, your experiment will target 100% of participants. If you want to target a more specific set of participants, or change the rollout percentage, you need to do this by changing the [release conditions](/docs/feature-flags/creating-feature-flags#release-conditions) for the feature flag used by your experiment.
```
